layout: post
title: "Day 10 – The Model's 'Brain' "
date: 2025-06-09
author: Michelle Oladele-Kuyoro
permalink: /day10.html
tags: ["Deep Learning", "Literature Review", "Convolutional Neural Network"]

what_i_learned: |
  Today began with Dr. Pelumi giving us an indept lesson on literature review and how to use different databases to search for legitimate resources that will be used to begin the draft of my teams' paper. I learned a lot about searching on morgans library databases. I just found out that if you type a sentence like 'Drivers Drowsiness Detection' without the quotes, the data base will split the words into section and provide numerous ariticles that has any of those words in them, which might not be very accurate as they are broad results. However, if you encase them in quotation marks, they are searched for as one word instead of being separated,and the number of articles are narrowed down to those of relevance. Dr. Pelumi also taught us the basics of wrtiign a literature review, how each paper has to have; The title, an abstract (to be written last), and introduction, a methodology section, results, and a conclusion, as well as references. 

  Following the review session, I decided to go indepth into more deep learning topics so i can be more knowledgeable on my project topic. I learned new concepts that the kaggle courses did not really go over, I did this by watching youtube video, and taking more notes on this. Although I didn't get to finish the videos today, I hope to get them done by tomorrow, and begin learnimg more about computer vision, in case there are concepts that the kaggle course did not go over.

  Dr Pelumi informed us that we should research more into the models that we would be using, such as MobilenetV2, densenet121, and efficientnet b0. I found that geeksforgeeks provides an introductory topic regarding each of them, and I hope that i will be able to go over them tommorow in order to start making a powerpoint and increase my knowledge on these models
 
blockers: |
  No Blockers

reflection: |
  Overall, today was a very busy and productive day. Although the deadline is still a few days away, I hope that I will be able to learn about the new concepts that i learnt today and finsih up the videos that I was watching. The literature review session by Dr. Pelumi really opened my eye up to new concepts, and now i know how to search for articles in databases or on google scholar even outside this summer project. I look forward to what I will be able to accomplish tommorow.
---
